================================================================================
TRANSCRIPCIÓN FIREFLIES.AI
================================================================================
Título: BandaWeb3 #015 @Atitovva.mp3
Fecha: 1736830500000
Duración: 83 segundos

================================================================================
TRANSCRIPCIÓN COMPLETA
================================================================================

Estos Universal Mind.
The Liquid tension experiment.
It's.
Welcome.
Welcome if you're here.
Thank you very much for being here.
Welcome.
And lovely to have the opportunity to talk to you about your history, about your story, about what you've been doing in web 3.
Like I mentioned in some of the tweets that I posted before, you've been awarded as one of the most inspirational women of Web3 and AI by a couple of companies that I've heard a lot about.
I think you've worked with one of them.
So it's going to be really nice to be able to speak to you about how you got to Web three, how your work has been doing in those companies.
I've also read about your work in Stepn.
That's one of the applications that really, really blew my mind when I heard about it and when I started using it.
So welcome.
First of all, can you hear me?
Is everyone now?
I think technically we are.
Okay, let's see.
My co host is here.
Unmuted.
Perfect.
Yeah, go ahead.
Nita.
Can.
Can you hear me?
Yeah.
Hi, guys.
Hello, Ola.
Yeah, so, so great to be here.
Yeah, excited to talk to you.
I'm.
I'm very.
I feel really connection to the people from Latin America.
I love this area.
So, yeah, let's go.
Bavas.
Excellent, excellent.
Conosotros.
I know you speak a lot of languages.
You're from Ukraine, so I guess you can speak English a little bit.
Spanish, Ukrainian and what else?
How many languages?
Your creol.
Cuatro is me.
Nativo dioma is Russo is your.
Oh my God, I don't know.
I was born in the south, in the south of Ukraine and the south of Ukraine is usually like before the last events.
It like when I grew up it was Soviet Union and we all speak Russian.
So my native language mean nativa diomacy as Russo.
Pero yoblar yo hablo tambien Ukrainian ingles.
Un poco espanol.
Your travel hando?
Si, para tres anios.
Oh my God, I'm worried when I speak Spanish.
Sorry.
So it's easier.
It's much faster from parami ablar in glass.
So if you don't mind, if you can speak English.
Yeah, it will be easier for me.
No, thank you very much for trying and practicing a little bit.
In a couple of months, maybe if you continue learning, we can invite you again and then speak in Spanish.
But it's really nice.
You have a very good pronunciation.
I mean, your Spanish is great.
Where did you learn?
I love, I loved And I see also here Burger as actually guys, we had an idea with Burger to organize some Spanish speaking class like for our communities as many people really want to improve their Spanish or to learn Spanish.
So I do hope we will make this plan life.
Yeah.
But I learned some Spanish when I was in Colombia.
I lived in Colombia for more than a year.
And yeah, as I always joke, I speak Spanish to survive, you know.
So it's enough for me to talk in the restaurants, in the shops, like with taxi drivers.
But I would definitely love to be.
To improve.
No, thank you.
Thank you again.
We're gonna switch to English so thanks everyone.
This space is usually hosted in Spanish but I'm really keen to invite a lot more people from all over the world and English is the most spoken language and I think it's the best way to communicate with people from everywhere.
So some of the spaces that we're gonna be hosting here in Banda web 3 are gonna be in English.
I hope my English is good.
Sometimes I think in Spanish and speaking English and it's hard to understand but I think we'll make it work.
First of all, I want to say hi to Perfect.
No, Excellent.
Thank you for practicing a little.
I'm also glad to help in any classes that you guys are hosting.
I'd love to participate and get to know your community.
I think many of them are going to listen to this space today and one of them in fact is right here.
He's a really good friend of mine.
Want to say hi to Maverick, the great Benja.
He is the one that suggested and connected me to Anita and I think he's a big fan.
He's been following for a while.
He's a big STEPN user.
We'll talk about Stepn in a bit but thank you great kids for him wherever he is.
I think he's working in, in.
In.
In in his hometown.
Let's start with.
Sorry.
Yeah, go ahead.
Sorry.
Yeah, like Maverick Benjamin.
Okay.
We tell you guys like yeah, so actually it was really fun is with Benji, with Maverick.
We met in my very first steps of using X.
Like I came here like one and a half year ago.
I had zero following and I don't know like 10 people and Benji was one of the first like guys I was connected here and I'm so happy, you know, like the people who are with you from your very, very first like steps and journey actually I value them so much.
So Benji, thank you so much just for being yourself and for supporting always.
I do hope we will meet one day.
I Would love to meet you one day.
You've been to Colombia?
Like I've said, in a few of the spaces and many people here know I had a lot of family over there.
I've been traveling a lot to Colombia throughout my life and I really love it there.
But you were born in Ukraine.
Tell me a little bit how you ended up in Colombia.
I read and saw your profiles on Instagram and Twitter and your story about how you got to web three I think is really interesting too.
So tell me a little bit about your background.
What did you study in Ukraine?
Are you in the social studies?
Are you in the engineering side of this, of this ecosystem?
Yeah.
Tell me a little bit about, about yourself.
Oh, it was a long story, but I would try, I would try to make it short, you know?
Yeah.
So I was born in the south of Ukraine and I lived there till the age of 22 when I met my ex husband who is Russian.
So when I graduated from my college, I got master degree in international relations and tourism.
So I moved to Moscow and I lived in Russia for, oh my God, I guess like 13 years.
I have a son also, like he's 12 now.
And then like in February 2022, when the war started between Russia and Ukraine, we just wanted to be outside sometime.
We didn't expect it would take so long, so we decided to go somewhere.
And to be honest, it was just so unexpectedly that we would appear in Colombia.
As I have never been to Latin America, I didn't speak any Spanish.
It just was so fast decision.
We didn't have any visas.
So we had some friends who, who just called us and told us, oh, you know, Colombia is such a great place.
The weather here is so nice.
Like the whole year, 24 degrees, sun is shining every day.
So many fresh vegetables and fruits.
Your kids would be able to speak two languages.
We said, okay, why not?
So we just packed our bags.
I, my sister, she has two kids.
I, I have one.
So.
And our kids.
And we decided to go to Colombia.
Then when we shared this story with the locals, they thought we are a little bit crazy.
Like two girls with kids going to Colombia with no Spanish.
Yeah.
But it's how it was.
And then I just liked to be there.
I just love the people, I love the culture, the weather, like everything, you know.
And I decided, okay, why not to live here for a couple of months?
And then it ended up for more than a year.
Yeah.
So it, it was a really great experience.
I love Colombia.
I was there.
Oh, I see Armando also here and Doct hey guys.
Like from our ever cell community.
Hey guys.
George Marmorita, El Professor Bad Mike.
Hey guys.
Yeah, so it was totally something I didn't plan, but I saw, you know, fall in love with like the city.
They even called me like Ambajadora de Medellin, you know, as whenever I came after, like I do, I do a lot of traveling and I always share my experience.
It's not typical, you know, like to live in Medellin on your own, like with kids.
But I love it.
I love it.
What are the biggest difference, you think, between your culture in Russia, Ukraine, comparing it to Colombia, and have you been to any other place in Latin America?
Have you visited Mexico, for example?
Not yet.
I would love to.
I would love to, but not yet.
Yeah, I was only.
I was only in Colombia.
So far.
I think we are totally different.
Not totally, but there are a lot of things that differed us, you know, it's different culture, different history, a different way of life.
But you know what?
Like before going to Colombia, I lived in the Halitamp, like in Moscow.
It's very business city, right?
I was engaged in business so much.
Like I had several meetings during the day.
My agenda was full from like 6am till midnight.
And when I came to Medellin, I said, oh my God, how guys, you can do it.
Like they, they are enjoying the life, you know, Even people who don't make a lot of money, but they are more happy.
They're happier than my friends, like in, in Moscow, like in Ukraine, who made much more money, but they always were like in this red runs, you know.
And I think that was one of the biggest impressions I got from there.
So to enjoy life, you know, to slow down a little bit.
I didn't know that Colombian maniana can mean no nowhere, you know, like, we are very tricked with timing.
So for me, when someone is telling me, okay, we will have a meeting at 9am tomorrow, it means that 8:45 I'm there, right?
Or 8:55 in Colombia.
It was different, like totally different.
And I struggled a lot, like till I learned the rules, you know.
So like you can be late like for half an hour and it's not, it's.
It's okay.
Actually, it's not a big problem.
But for me it was a disaster, really.
I said, oh my God.
But they steal my time.
I can't be like that, you know?
Yeah, but I think what I love also that I noticed that people have more family traditions.
Like, I remember every Sunday they like gather together, they go that they went to the restaurants, to churches, they had family lunch and dinner and it was like every single weekend.
So all my local friends, I knew that during Sunday it always was impossible to call them go out.
So it was, I think the main thing that I remember at least.
You.
Were for a while in Colombia.
Where did you immigrate?
Where are you now?
Yeah, I lived in Medellin for more than a year.
And where did you go?
If you can say, if you want to say also.
Ah, you mean what cities or.
No, right now, ah, now I'm in Florida.
So when I was in Colombia, I won a green card.
So I moved to United States last August.
Yeah, my life is, you know, my life is like American rights.
You never know, will you?
Where.
Where you will be next year or something like that.
Yeah, I could never imagine.
Like I.
To be honest, I didn't believe that I'm lucky person.
I always thought that I'm unlucky person.
And you know, this lottery, like green card lottery.
And my brother nave.
He's also in Stepan community and actually he was the one who brought me to the FSL ecosystem.
Like he said me, oh, but can you try short?
I said, oh my God, but I never win.
Why should I take it?
But no, can you, can you.
I said, okay.
And it.
It was my first time when I played and I won.
I don't know how it happened, but it happened sometimes.
So now I'm.
I'm in Florida.
I'm in the US now.
Excellent, excellent.
No, I think your story is really nice.
I read about and saw your profile and what you have been posted.
You used to have a business in I think in Russia.
Tell me a little bit about what you used to do and how you came to the Web3 space.
Yeah, I like more than 10 years.
I was developing in international education.
So what I did, like I help kids and teenagers to be accepted to international colleges and.
And boarding schools mainly in the U.K.
in the U.S.
switzerland, like Asia.
And I love this, this area so much.
So in.
Oh my God.
When it was actually, I believe 2013, I opened my.
It was a small company, like seven people.
But I developed this company for seven years and I loved it so much.
But Covid killed it, you know.
So my business was related to traveling and to the traveling of kids.
So when covet came again, it was totally unexpected.
Nobody waited for it, right.
So I had two options.
I had one option to transfer my business online.
But you know what happened?
Like our partners, like from the uk from the US they said okay, guys, you can do it online, but they will pay the same, the same fees.
And to be honest, I didn't feel it's fair, you know, as.
Okay, it's expensive stuff to study abroad, right.
And when you pay for that, you don't pay only for the language, you pay for the experience.
You pay for the connections with the other people from different countries with living in the totally different environment, like with a cultural experience, you know, and sitting in front of your laptop and paying the same stuff.
I didn't feel it's fair.
So I didn't feel it's my way to go.
So it was very hurtful, to be honest.
It was very hurtful for me as I love this business and it wasn't even business, it was my life.
You know, I visited many, I visited like hundreds of colleges and schools worldwide.
Like I studied myself in several international schools and I use this, I, I know this business from inside, you know, not only like from the websites.
And it was very hurtful when you spent like 10 years developing that and then like shut down one day.
But it was a part of the journey.
Like Armand is here, he's always telling me that, like it's part of the journey.
Yeah.
And then, you know, I joined Japanese Russian company for the development.
It was totally different area.
It was cosmetics, like from, from education of kids to cosmetics.
Yeah.
And I was responsible for their business development there.
And I got my first big contract with Toyota.
I was so excited and you know, guys like it.
It was risky a little bit as I joined as a newbie and I was taking this responsibility and many of the team, they didn't believe in me as you know, I don't know how, how is in Mexico, by the way, but in Russia, you know, sometimes when you work in a man dominated industry and if you are a woman, especially with my like looking like blonde woman, sometimes it's harder to get appreciation, not even appreciation, but to get like trust.
I don't know guys.
Is it in Mexico?
Yeah, I think it's like, you know.
Yeah, it's similar.
I think it's similar.
Yeah, in some industries it's similar, but it's changing.
Not as fast as we would like, but yeah, it's similar.
So could you imagine?
Yeah.
So I joined a new company, a big company, right.
And I was given this big contract and it was really challenging as most of the teams, they were so skeptic like, oh, she will fail it, you know, and then when, yeah, it was hard.
And when I joined them, I was sure that I.
I know everything about international partnership.
Since the whole my life, I work with international people, like from Europe, from the us From Latin America as well.
But now I needed to work with Asians, with Japanese guys.
And it was totally different experience, like, totally different world.
But then, you know, when I succeeded and I made this project successful, it was really something I was super proud of.
And that's how I got this trust from the team.
Yeah.
But then I moved to Colombia and I had to actually switch my offline, like, off offline job to online.
Yeah.
And that's how I was brought to the web three, by the way.
It was February 2022.
My brother Nave.
He came one day and said, look, look, look.
I have some app and it's crazy.
I can get like $100 for 30 minutes walk.
I said, what?
And could you imagine, like, you all you the whole life, you work, like in very stable business, right?
Like, you make some stories, so you made developments, you get money for that.
And now it's totally blew my mind away.
So I said, oh, my God, what's that?
And that's how I started exploring, like Web3World.
My first project was Steppen that I joined.
And the first shoe my brother presented me.
Then I bought my first second.
Yeah.
And when I moved to Colombia, like, I had Russian bank cards, they all were blocked.
So I had to discover the ways how I can get money.
And they thought, oh, like we have cryptocurrency now.
Oh, wow, what's that?
You know?
And I explore, like, what is binance?
What is seed phrases?
What's all the other stuff?
It was scary.
It was super scary.
I remember how I wrote down the plan.
Okay, Now I need 1, 2, 3, 4.
You know what to do.
Yeah.
So it's how I was brought to the Web3world.
And then I couldn't stop and I just dived deeper, deeper, deeper.
And here I am.
Great.
Shout out to Armandi.
I met him here in Monterrey.
You met him?
Yeah, he mentioned something right here.
He left a comment.
He says that we should not trust you, that he does not know you.
I think he's joking for, of course.
On Friday.
But maybe we can bring him on stage.
Armandi, if you can speak, I would be happy if you can join us.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, for sure.
I just invited him.
Let's see if he can come over.
But yeah, he was here in Monterrey.
He gave a.
A talk in one of the workshops and the events that we organized here in.
In Monterrey.
He's a really cool guy.
We have A few pictures with him.
But the project that you were in, the.
The first, that was the first thing that draw your.
Drew your attention, stepping and the way that you could make money with NFTs and walking around.
I still see Maverick every day, posting his runs and recording his activities.
And he also does a little bit of cleaning and everything he does.
So that's really nice of him.
So what, what, what, what did Step and do for you and what was your role with them?
And we have Armandi here.
Hi, Ramandy.
Welcome and nice to have you up here.
Hello.
Hello, guys.
Always a pleasure.
Hello.
I don't know who's Anita?
I don't know who's Anita.
So I'm just jumping here just to talk with you guys.
I don't know who's Anita.
But anyways, it's a pleasure, Anita.
See you on Friday, by the way.
I don't know you, man.
Sorry, excuse me.
Oh, you know, I'm still.
Right now, I'm already practicing my Russian.
Being in contact with all you guys, it's been such a way to grow as a person.
Especially what you guys were talking, the exchange of cultures.
It's been just amazing.
And we have been exchanging cultures in Web3 because we have people from all around the world.
I was just in la, in la from the community.
But this is something that you cannot pay for this.
And when you meet someone physically and you feel the energy of the people when you meet them physically, it's another level.
And for me, Anita, the first time that I met you physically in Medellin, we did a great connection, right?
I don't know.
Maybe.
Do you think it was a good connection or Manzi?
No, I don't know.
I don't know.
But anyway, this is your space, so keep telling us about your experience.
Anita, by the way.
Anita.
I call Anita Anita, by the way, because she's Anastasia.
But she like anita More in Web3.
No, it's really funny, you know, guys, like as my name is in like in Russian it's Anastasia.
Everyone who is not Russian speaking called me Anastasia.
People from Latin America usually call me Anastasia.
And there are some other variants is the most popular.
And then like Armandis started calling me Anita.
I said, oh, but Anita is totally different name.
But then, you know, I saw that more and more people like started calling me Anita.
And I said, oh, maybe it will be my website name.
And it's much easier, you know, for people when I am just Anita.
And now guys, Armandi, could you imagine when I order my coffee, what do you think I put like what name I put.
I put Anita.
You know, it's funny really.
It's how web three connect to web two.
You know one of the examples and.
You know this is the amazing park how in this exchange of cultures we start grabbing things that we never use.
For example, I do use some Japanese words after being in Russia for three months.
Pretty much sometimes I say instead of saying yes or C, I keep saying.
Da da, da Japanese.
I think this is the important part.
You start grabbing some of the things that you like from other cultures and you implement that in your everyday life.
And I think that is what enriches us as people.
Whenever I go, yeah, for sure.
Whenever I go to Bogota to Colombia and meet my family, I have a few cousins and uncles and my accent immediately changes and start talking like they talk and saying things like they say and doing their tones and I don't know why it happens but whenever I come back to Mexico I return to my normal tone and voice.
But yeah, web three allows this and many, many, many things more.
And I think that you guys, I don't know if you guys connected through web3 or by web3 or how your relationship was, but I think it involves Stepn.
Tell me a little bit more about how you entered the stepn ecosystem, how you've been doing and what was your relationship and work were previously working with.
Yeah, I can start maybe and Armandi, if you could share as well.
I think, I think.
Okay.
So my brother, my brother brought me to that, you know and then I easily, not easily, but it wasn't so hard to me to, to understand the mechanics.
But I, I think that I was the one who did almost all the mistakes that's where possible to do, you know as at first we were so excited that now we will become millionaires, you know as to like it was several days when we made like hundreds or even thousands of dollars per one hour work.
It was crazy.
So we organized chats like family chat, future millionaires, you know.
And we were calculating how we will buy our villa in Miami in a year.
So it was really something not from my world, you know as I usually used to work really hard to get like good salary and to live in a good way.
But it's usually not easy for me.
So I, I'm a hard worker and now I can just walk, you know, I can just walk one hour and I can get like my monthly salary actually.
So it was crazy.
The other parts as you know, like when I moved to Colombia it was really hard times.
For me, because of the war and because of the new country, and I didn't speak Spanish.
So this one hour of work and I lived with my sister, three kids.
We didn't have any help.
Like, everything were on us.
Our kids, they didn't go to school.
As East Colombia, it's a long process.
You can't just go and just send kids to school.
It's impossible.
It took us several months to get them to school.
Yeah.
And kids were at home.
So, you know, you like your whole day looks like cooking, as they eat a lot, then like cleaning, then washing, like ironing.
And it's crazy.
Like for a person like me who used to be in business, it was crazy.
So this one hour walk on Stepan, it was my like say life lifeguard, you know.
So I had this one hour on my own walking in the area, talking to my friends, sending them WhatsApp audios.
And I love it.
Right.
And on the other hand, I started exploring this web.
Three worlds.
Okay.
So now I got like on like those time we were.
We were able to earn only gst.
So, okay, so how can I convert this like GST to usdc?
And then usdc, I needed Colombian pesos and then like all these steps.
So I started exploring this world and I was really excited with that.
Like, oh, it opens so much opportunities.
And as a person who was always connected to international payments, as I always work with international partners, as I know very well how hard and long sometimes it takes to take to send your payments, like from one country to another country, right?
You need to send like invoices agreements like with the translations.
And the banks sometimes go crazy as they like, oh, you then hope you don't have the index like or here something else.
And sometimes it could take you like several days or several weeks to send the payment.
And now, oh my God, it's just one click, several seconds and your payment just with minimum commission is anywhere in the world.
So I was so impressed with these possibilities, you know, that I thought, oh, I need to share that.
Like, I'm such kind of a person when I learn something, I always want to share with people.
So I said, oh, if I learned that a person totally not from the industry, you know, so maybe I can share with the locals and to tell them that now you have these possibilities like of cryptocurrency.
And if you would like to take a risk, you can buy some tokens.
If you don't want, you can just send a USDC USDT.
And that's how I organized my first Web3 event, like for girls.
I thought it will be easier for me and I decided, oh, I can make an announcement in my social media that I'd like to share my experience.
And I made my first event for 10 people in Medellin, say where I shared my journey.
Let's say I will stop here.
Maybe Armand, you would like to share is.
I just don't want to talk too much.
Anita, is your space.
Like I'm only supporting.
So just keep going and I'll support what you're saying.
You know, it's very interesting, especially what you were saying.
I think we all at the end, if we survive the space, we pay our crypto tuition.
And that crypto tuition is making mistakes.
And these mistakes, they're costly, right?
Because in here we're playing what we're playing with real money.
You know, of course the space is full of camps.
But you know what, there's projects that are not scams.
But you fail in the project because you were not prepared to survive in the market.
Because I think that is the main mistake that we all make.
We underestimate the market and how it moves.
So sometimes we over invest because as you're saying, we start seeing ourselves like millionaires just walking around, just running around.
And then you're like, okay, I'm gonna put more money, more, more, more, more, more.
And then boom, the market goes down deeper, deep, deeper, deeper, deeper, deep.
And there you go, you're screen.
And I think at the end, the easiest part is blaming the projects, blaming the space, blaming everybody but you.
But well, in my own experience, I think it's me, it's myself to blame about these mistakes.
Of course I'm not talking about scams, right?
I'm talking about real projects that been here for a while.
If you don't know the space is the same.
If you open a restaurant, you open a restaurant.
And if you don't know how to open a restaurant, you're going to fail and then you're going to come, oh, restaurants are a scam.
It's not the restaurant business is you that you don't have the knowledge.
And I think we've been having this experience and we have learned about this and this journey.
Pretty much we live this journey in our own electronic space.
On those times, anita.
Right?
Well, 100.
100.
I just wanted to add here.
It was actually my way.
You know, guys, I shared this story before.
So I was so excited, I was over excited that now I don't need to work now life is done for me, you know, And I did a huge mistake.
I put all my savings.
And my savings was like the apartments of my grandmother, who sold them and sent like the cost of her apartments to me to invest in my apartments.
And I did this huge mistakes by myself.
Like, I.
I never blame, like, but it's.
It was my stupid.
One of my stupid, yes.
Decisions in my life.
But I put everything in sneakers and it happened not in the right time.
So like, I put everything.
Several days later, everything dropped.
And to be honest, it took me for a while to realize that as I was left without money, I lost a lot.
And to be honest, I even couldn't believe my parents.
They don't know still that I did that.
So it's two years when it happens.
But I didn't tell them as they would never understand and it would be too hurtful for them.
So I decided to keep it my problem and to solve it myself.
Yeah, but it happened to me.
But you know what?
Instead of blaming Stepan, after that, I lost everything.
I went and applied to the ambassadorship.
I started looking for some senses that said, okay, if this came to my life, if I lost so much money, I need to find something.
You know, it happens for some reason.
So I applied for the ambassadorship.
I was chosen as an ambassador.
And I started my journey, started creating content.
I was so excited, by the way, like when I like realized maybe there are some other senses in that I was so excited.
Like, I studied feeling myself alive and started making like activities in Colombia.
Like united people with Web3.
And then actually I spent with Stepan more than two years.
Developed from the first stage of the associate.
In those time we had associate ambassador and ended up with a global position.
It's the highest ranked ambassadors.
Just few people hold it and you know, now I understand why it was.
It was a great journey really, as it's got me so many experiences.
I connected to so many people to so many communities.
Like, I went to Japan.
I meant Japanese community.
I went to Dubai, I met community.
From there I went to Russia, I met to Colombia, like in San Francisco, in New York.
So I was in many places.
And I realized that this my like passion to unite people, to connect people.
This might even, you know how to say it in English.
Oh my God.
It's something that you, you know, Let me translate.
It is.
It's like you, ah, it's like mission.
You know, it's like your life mission.
Yeah.
And I'm grateful for this experience that I had.
So I ended up with step on in September.
Yeah, but If I had a choice one more time to repeat it, I would definitely repeat.
So I didn't have any regrets.
And it was a good starting point into this world, you know, it was easy, it was exciting.
And then when you meet community behind project, I think this is the most important part.
As if there is great project, but there are no great people.
Like what's.
Yeah, you can be happy with the money, but money is just one part, you know.
And here when I met all these guys, like, even like Armandi, we are now friends and he's.
We feel he's a part of our family.
He even not just a friend, you know.
And Benji Khaleed here, Simao like guys, Alpai.
This is people.
We communicate very often, you know.
And many of the people in the community, they became my close friends.
And we met offline with many people I met offline.
And like Armandi mentioned in the beginning, this is the most valuable part when you can spend some time together, when you can hang out, when you feel the energy.
And I value that a lot.
Yeah, I see also Poya here.
I just want to send him some shout outs.
Poya, hello.
Yeah, like he's from Iranian community.
Like I know everyone there, you know, like everyone who will show up in from FSL community.
Like, I know what's behind.
Oh, agu.
Crypto.
Hello.
Hello, Abram.
Yeah, so I think this is the beauty, you know, and this is the value, actually why you are in the community, why I'm still in the community.
However, officially, like I broke up the contract, right.
But I just value these people a lot and they became like my family.
And in the beginning I told it's my digital family, it's my web3 family.
But no, now they are much more.
And you know, we have.
I always try to see what's behind the avatar, like who.
What the personality is, like what mindset they have, like what value they have.
And if I feel the synergy that we have the similar values, that's how we can become friends and that's that.
I love the Webster space.
Sorry, it took me too long to tell about this.
No, it's great.
It's amazing because you mentioned a lot of things that I would like to ask you about.
One of the first ones is the cycles.
No, when this started, I remember downloading the app and testing it and hearing a lot of people buying sneakers and playing around and doing things.
But I don't know, but I lived it through maybe the axie infinity phases.
And there's been a lot of Projects like this, where there's a lot of hype, there's a lot of money to be made in the initial phases.
But I think in my opinion, we're still testing these types of activities and these types of rewards.
And sometimes it's hard to maintain prices, sometimes it's hard also to continue giving out the rewards that people are getting in specific days.
And also the market changes and our decisions are our fault for sure.
I don't blame anyone for putting money in a rug, even if it was a scam.
I was, I did not do maybe the investigation previously or whatever.
But having responsibility for your actions I think is super important.
And also losing money in this market is super important.
I think if you're not, I mean, not constantly, but if you don't lose money at the beginning or starting up or whenever you're learning, I think you're not experimenting enough.
So living through that, learning through that and getting all that knowledge to better yourself for future products, I think it's really important.
And like Karmandi said, we need to survive in this market.
I mean, you have to be in here to understand it, to really be able to get some money out of it or make a business out of any of the tools that we're using today.
So I think the journey that Stepn has been going through has been really great.
They're still active like you said, you ended up your relationship with them and but continue having those conversations with the people and the network and the friends that you made.
And I think I see similar things here because most of my time is spent with people that are working in this industry towards building communities, towards onboarding people.
And yeah, like you said, it's like a passion, a mission.
And it shows in your content.
It shows on how you interact with people.
It shows how you say hi to everyone that's here that is part of your community.
So that's really great to hear.
And it's very interesting.
Let's be honest in this regard.
What I have found out with web3 is web3 is a slice of what real life is and what is what I have learned.
For example, being in web 3 and this happened in these other markets.
I work in the restaurant business for 10 years, open franchise.
You know what I have found out is like the problem with the markets in general is the thing is you will never guess when is going to be the top.
That is the thing.
You can buy a house today and we expect that house will go up in value, right?
But what happens if it doesn't?
Because the house market has cycles.
The only thing is the house market cycle is 20, 30 years.
So you don't notice the situation, right?
The stock markets, you buy today a stock and sometimes it goes all the way to share like Netflix, things like that.
That.
So understanding that we will never guess the top of many things is part of the experience of investing in any space, right?
So I think understanding this situation, it is the crucial part for you.
Because yes, at the end, this is a race.
This is a race.
Say you're opening a franchise, right?
The first person who opened a franchise, let's say when they opened McDonald's at the beginning, the first person who opened a McDonald's in Mexico, they made a lot of money, right?
And then a lot of people start buying this franchise in Mexico until it gets saturated.
And it gets saturated.
And this person, who, why?
Because of fluctuation.
Because at the end is of offer is a supply and demand.
And web3 is not different than this.
Now the meme coins, right?
Like we like right now, the hype of being in a meme coin, why is it like at the end is a race who's going to buy the meme coin that you bought?
Of course they're going to be losers in this situation.
If you enter into the space thinking that there's unlimited supply of money, you're being naive.
But if you understand that this is seriously just a simulation of what is real life, what is just faster and cycles goes faster, you will understand where you are.
And as we are with.
I'm always telling Anita, the most important part is understand your current situation.
Don't.
You were going to say something, Anita.
Just to agree.
Just agree.
Armandi.
Yes, understand the situation and enjoy the others.
Exactly.
You understand your current situation.
You don't try to lie to yourself at the beginning.
Sometimes we lie ourselves because we don't know.
We all had to pay this crypto tuition with our money, with our time, with all these things.
But if you've been in the space for one, two, three years, thinking again that this is unlimited supply, you are not knowing the current situation of the space, but also you're not knowing the correct situation of the economic markets in general.
Because this is how it is.
People who make money, profits buying stocks is because someone else pays for it in a higher price.
That's it.
So I think this is very important.
And if we can give a message to the communities, exactly this, we can teach them or tell them or experiences and then they can make the decision.
But you know, what is very important is I have realized and some friends of mine here in Mexico, they have told me, oh, teach me what you're doing.
But you know what, if they don't invest a lot of money and if they don't lose that much money, they don't understand the situation.
Like, I think losing money is part of the experience of learning because I've seen, I try to teach them, but because they, they, the stakes are not that high, they don't put that much attention.
And I realized that they don't learn as fast as I would say.
And you know, in here, in the space, you need to learn as fast as possible.
Agree completely.
And it's a game of survival.
And I think most of the people or many of the people that are investing in these type of technologies have never invested before in anything.
So they're learning here, they're learning really fast.
I think you need to experiment and lose a little bit to feel what it feels to not want to feel that again and change your actions and change your future investments.
And yeah, it's just part of the process.
I think it's really part of the process.
And like Anita said, you experienced it.
I did not know that story.
And I'm glad that your parents don't know.
I hope you are over that learning.
I won't say mistake, but it's a learning process and I'm glad that it worked out for you that you ended up as an ambassador in the company and a really important role and helped onboard a lot of people, I guess.
I mean, I met you through a friend of mine that is following your content.
I don't think, I don't know if you had anything to do with his onboarding.
But what happened after your role in Stepn?
You were working in a company that's also working with real world assets.
Tell me a little bit about that part.
Yeah.
But before we jump to this part, can I just add.
I have something to add.
What Armandi shared is it resonated with me so much from my perspective, besides of understanding your situation.
It's really important to understand what you are good at and what makes you happy.
You know, as what I see, I'm not really good in making a lot of money in these projects.
I'm involved in several projects and I must admit that my strategies are not the best.
Right.
But I know that I'm good at like connecting people, uniting people.
I love doing that.
I hosted hundreds of spaces like connecting different communities inside fsl and nobody did it before me actually.
And that's what I was passionate about and this is my space trends.
So I focused there, you know, as.
You know guys, I didn't share it publicly, but I will show you as yesterday I felt myself like, like two years ago as I opened my Step and go app and I realized that I lost my strong fit.
You know, like as in a new app that FSL created.
You need to be active every single day with at least two energies with your knickers.
And I was active every single day from the very first day.
It was more than 100 days.
So it's like around four months I was active.
So yesterday I just wanted to make a screenshot of my 100 days and I realized I have them.
Day one I said, what the is going on?
Really?
I was.
You even can't imagine as every single day, even if it's raining.
Like, like it's, it's.
It doesn't matter what happens.
I was moving like and, and then I realized.
So when I got three energies and three energies means 15 minutes and you get like 1.5, it's 7.5 minutes and then 7.5.
So I decided to split them and I walked like 7.5, let's say at 5:00pm and then 1.5.
So the, the other parts, I walked at 9:00pm and I absolutely didn't count that my 9:00pm is already more than just another day for UDC.
And when I realized it yesterday, I was like, oh my God, why again and again, you know, like, no, but I, I felt like them really.
So.
But it's again, it's a part of my journey and now I know this like it was hurtful.
It, it wasn't so hurtful when I lost my granny apartment, but it was hurtful anyway.
Yeah.
And regarding like proper keys.
Yeah.
So actually let me try to make it short as it was also a totally different story.
But you know, like when I join any project, I need to feel synergy.
So I can't work just for money, for conditions.
I need to feel synergy to the mission of the project, to the team, to people.
And in the end of spring I wanted some full time job in Web3.
So I was still an ambassador in FSL and I did my stuff but I felt, you know, I, like I reached the cell and I grew up from this position and I wanted to be a part like of a team, like working fully, not just a little like, not just you know, like content creation and events.
And I was starting looking for some other projects and I found out like proper keys and what's like they are doing.
They're putting the home addresses on chain.
So for example now all the documents I I just don't want like to dive deep into that in if, if, if we'll have some interest we can do another space.
But like if to tell a long story short.
So now all the documents for real estate we have on papers.
So it did right.
And what proper keys does they put your deeds on chain.
So it means it's not possible to change it to fake it.
As there are I think for 400 millions dollars of fraud every year for people who are losing homes because of the fraud.
That's now when it's paper it's possible to make some fakes for that.
So when it's on blockchain it excludes any human mistakes.
It excuse any fraud.
And this is a new technology.
I was excited with this mission.
Said oh wow, that's something I'd like to be a part of.
Yeah.
And I joined the team as a head of partnerships as I did a lot of partnerships before in my web to life as I always worked like with international people in education.
Then for Japanese company.
Yeah.
And it was a short term contract so I also ended up with them in October.
But you know it was a totally different experience from gaming that I came from as I did Step and I love Plato.
I use helium.
I played several web3 games and it was more serious stuff.
It was more like real problem with produce and technologies, real solutions and it was really exciting journey.
Exciting journey as well.
We did event in New York for 500 people in July and I co hosted it events as what I love to do like meeting community offline, you know, talking to people and when you talk to the community you feel right.
You feel how inspired they are, how much they love the project and when you feel the synergy.
Oh wow.
It's something cool that I've going to be.
And it's you know just a very early stage of the projects in general of the ecosystem of web3 ecosystem.
We are still very early now like what is building.
It's still like day A, you know.
And yeah.
So.
So we ended.
I ended up with them in October.
So now I took some break and actually I'm open to some new possibilities.
I am excited what will be next.
Excellent, excellent.
So you're actively looking right now.
Do you want to continue in the Web3 space?
Is that something that yeah.
You want to dedicate your life to?
I mean many people that started or start knowing and understanding this ecosystem and see all the opportunities don't want to leave.
And I include myself in that list.
I don't know if.
What about you?
Would you have to have any, any Web3 company?
Yeah, absolutely, absolutely.
As you know, I think it's not so easy to on board to this space, but when you're here, it's almost impossible to leave.
So I have an idea actually guys, I wanted to share with you as we talk about that as I'm really passionate of connecting people and doing events and I did events in different countries.
So now I'm thinking about a project.
It's just an idea, but it came to my mind like last week I would say, yeah, a project that will connect different countries.
Right.
And for example, like Maxi, you have a project and you, you would like to reach Japanese community or like European community, not only through spaces, but meeting them locally offline, right.
And as now I have connections in many countries and I have people experienced in hosting events and they're connected to the local community.
Like you, Maxi, I'm pretty sure you, you have like your community in Mexico, right?
And if someone will come to me and say, hey Anita, I want to talk more to people from Latin America.
Do you know someone say of course, Maxi, are you here?
So you know, and I'm thinking about like in this destination, like how to unite like the possibilities globally, you know, and how to make this scaling of the other project easier.
Is now what's going on.
Like everyone is, is going to like online with spaces with different hosts, right?
And like it's a big conferences like WebEx, Token Blockchain Life and and so on.
But at the same time we have like local communities.
Like for example, when I lived in, in Colombia, I created community myself and they had.
And then they expanded like, right.
And not every time they go to some big conferences, but they still exist and they're still powerful and they still have people from different like industries, you know.
So that's the vision that I have, like how to reach these local communities and how to help other projects to reach them, to talk to them.
So yeah, that's it.
No, that's amazing.
And I think that's something that would help a lot to connect a lot of people.
I have been organizing small meetups here in Mexico for two years now.
We had a period of time where every Thursday, every week we did one meetup.
Right now it's more like one every two to three weeks.
It's hard to continue that type of activity.
But I'm focused more on bigger events because I think we Have a really nice place here in Mexico and many cities where we could bring maybe a break point, maybe even global event, a big hackathon.
And for sure having someone with your experience connecting people from everywhere would be really, really helpful.
Let's continue talking.
For sure.
Definitely.
And if anyone here that has heard this conversation that can or thinks Anita can help them, please DM follow.
Yeah.
Take this information that you've heard today to find collaborations, to find ways to help your projects grow.
For sure.
I think that's what Web3 has, that many other industries don't have.
And at least for now, right now all the crazies that we are here are looking to connect, are looking to collaborate, are looking to build things and it's really, really, really fun to get to know you a little bit better.
We usually go for an hour and a half but I'm really always aware of your, of your guys time.
I don't know if anyone wants to come up and ask any questions.
I'm going to invite Benga.
Let's see if he can come to say hi.
Benji.
Yeah, Benji.
Vamos.
Let's see if we can get the mic a little bit.
But it was also nice to have you on, Mandy.
I would love to invite you for a future conversation too.
Anita.
I don't know if you have anything else that you would like to mention, any projects that you have, I don't know if you have any NFTs or tokens that may be coming in the future or how could anyone, if they would like to know a little bit better or maybe collaborate, how can they find you, how they connect with you?
Yeah, thank you so much.
Like the best way is X.
My DMs are open.
So guys, I check them regularly.
Unfortunately every day I, I get some, some mess, some mess messages.
But like I check them.
Yeah.
So I'm open.
I'm like if we can do something together, it's really great.
If not now, like you never know, you know, you never know when this, the time comes.
So I just am open to the possibilities.
As for the projects now, I am like, I have of course like, like GMT and all this stuff like connected to fsl.
Yeah, I, I have pro tokens in proper keys as I was a part of the project and actually it made x2 because of the bitcoin pump.
So I made some money.
It's good.
It's not typical for me guys.
So when I make some money on tokens is I'm feeling really super cool.
You even can't imagine for A person who always losing.
Yeah.
So yeah, I'm.
I made some, some profit there.
I love using helium.
This is like mobile connection.
So I love that.
I pay just $5 for my mobile connection per month and I have unlimited Internet and they pay me back like around $20 per month in their token.
So I, I hold like several hundreds of dollars in mobile.
Yeah.
So what you used to make more, right?
With helium?
Oh, with helium.
I made a lot of, not a lot of, but good money last December.
Yeah, yeah, but this time faster.
Monday now.
No, more like now it's just $20 per month.
I remember.
I'm going to, I'm going to tell you guys like the first time that I was in Miami with them, I was staying in their house and in the, in the room where I was staying there was this, this bag like this, this bag and, and it was so, so noisy.
It was like, it was like what, what is this?
What's going on?
It was Anita mining helium.
Right.
So it was funny.
Yeah.
I had like several dozens cell phones I bought them from.
It was your second child that backed.
Yeah, but they brought me like several thousands dollars per month, you know, just for.
Yeah, it was not bad.
You know, Anita, I think that's the thing about the space is that we encounter things we never thought before.
Like that's why.
Because we never encounter these things.
Like for example, now I was going to make $4,000 in a 30 minute walk.
That was unprecedented for me.
It was like what's going on with this situation?
But you know what?
It helped us to set up what is coming into the future.
Because I really think the future is tokenizing activities.
That's going to be tokenizing or jobs.
Instead of getting a pay every 15 days, you're going to get your pace, your payments in tokens every day.
In that way you will feel motivated to work.
Because right now I'm always saying these new generations, they already used to it to get immediate rewards.
So they joined the working force and they have to wait 15 days, 30 days for the paychecks.
They lose all motivation.
But what happened if.
If there's a way to track what they're doing and then getting rewards every day and getting sometimes rewards like you were top 10 performance.
There you go.
A mystery box with mystery.
Whatever you're gonna get.
I think that is the future.
So in a way I think we are like pioneers even that this thing it's been for a while understanding what's coming, what can we do with these technologies and what I'm Saying what can we do with these technologies is.
Doesn't mean you need to know how to program, how to join a project or whatever.
You need to use these things to understand how you will be able to apply this in the future.
And I think that's the key that will help us to grow more in the space.
Yeah, for sure.
And I think we need a lot more experimentation, a lot more projects like this.
I think we have to find that balance between the rewards and how many people are in and the tokenomics of how well this is distributed and how to maintain a healthy price by getting new users to acquire tokens.
I mean, there's a lot of experimentation, there's a lot of governance issues also that are being worked today.
But yeah, I think we're early and I think all that experimentation and all that testing and all that building needs to happen.
And why not with people that we know, with friends, maybe testing in new markets like Latin America, that's growing and there's a big focus on many networks looking here to build and start developing things that can fix problems.
So, yeah, for sure.
Having these type of tools and that's something I love to talk about is really important.
And learning about them now, it's kind of hard.
Maybe it's getting easier, but it gives you a big, big leg up against everyone else that has not been working with these in, in the past.
So, yeah, I would love to continue talking, maybe coming.
Come here next in a few months, Anita, when you have your business all ready and you're doing big collaborations, please come talk about us about that.
But right now we have Benjamin over here.
Welcome.
Bienvenido.
Hola.
Hola.
Thank you so much, Latin America.
See you soon.
Bye.
Yeah, this is the first time when Benji talks, actually.
I invited him several times to my spaces.
He never came as a speaker.
So I'm happy now.
I heard your voice, Benji, during like more than a year of our communication on X.
Yeah, go ahead.
We have anything.
Sorry, yeah, it's because my English is poor.
In your space is only in English.
Is your space in Spanish?
Okay.
Every day I will read with you.
Yeah, so we have a problem.
A little bit problem.
Maybe AI tools will enable us in the future, in the nearest future, you know, to solve this issue, actually.
So we can speak our languages and it will be translated very fast as now it's possible, but it's long, you know.
So I do hope.
Not yet.
Not yet.
Yeah, but I do hope, I do, I do hope the technology will solve this.
But you know, guys, now there Are some airports like they cost like 500 a day.
Like one of my friends shared with me recently, like airports and you can wear them and they help you to, to understand what's going on.
So actually it's something, but not so.
No, but I know.
And it is still not perfect.
It's not perfect, you know.
Yeah, yeah.
The main problem with this is a real time translation.
Like the thing is all these tools, even the meta glasses like Zookember show this translation but there's still this delay and this delay in a real conversation is kind of annoying.
And usually people start to get in using these tools when they're seamless.
That's the same problem with VR and with AR and all these things is that it's just so troublesome to use them right now.
But give it, you know, this real time translation, give it one to two years and for sure we will have it.
For sure.
We're really close.
I think Web3 also needs a lot of that, a lot of improving user experience.
Many applications have done a lot of good work on that.
But there's still a lot of development about that that needs to happen.
We're seeing it right now and I invite everyone that's here to build it.
I mean we need more people building these things.
We need more people testing these things, giving feedback, helping others make them better.
And yeah, it's just great having you here.
It's crazy.
You have not heard, had not heard about Beckhamese voice.
He lies.
I worked with him for a decade in our previous company and he has very good English.
He just doesn't like to practice.
I think you should just connect.
But let's see if we can jump in another space that you organize in the future.
I don't know any, any last words that you want to say, you know.
Do we have two minutes?
I just reminded one case just shortly.
No, it's.
It's really something that blew my mind.
It doesn't relate to Web3, but to technologies as you.
You know, like sometimes especially with the elder people like, like people of our like granny's age, let's say they are target for scammers and usually how scammers do they just send a message like hey this is your daughter.
I'm in a Trouble, send me $1,000.
But it's done right like more or less we educated like this elder people to not to believe.
But what happened a couple of days ago with a friend of my friend.
So now scammers, what they did, they made a video message using so they Hacked telegram of my friend.
They made a video message with the AI technology of my friends saying the hey mom.
I mean I am in a trouble.
Like my card is blocked, like send me here like money.
And they send it to the parents and like as they saw, you know, video like with the same voice, they didn't recognize that this is AI.
And yeah.
And that's how they were scammed.
So technology on one side, it's really cool stuff and I love learning about AI like and all these things that we have now.
But we need to be very careful as unfortunately there are always people who will play like that's in the bad side.
For sure.
For sure.
And you know what?
That is actually why we need to try test it out and learn these tools to spread these things.
Exactly these things.
Because whenever something new comes there's going to be scammers who are going to try to take money from that.
Yeah.
And they use cryptocurrency because there's no one in between to help anyone.
So after you make a transaction, it's a feature.
It's a feature, it's not a bug.
But yeah, for sure.
We need more content, we need better tools, we need better user experience and I think we're getting there.
But we need more people to build it.
So most of these spaces are focused on finding those guys, building those teams that maybe can do that startup that might turn into a unicorn and make a billion dollars worth of solutions.
I don't know but we're still early.
I love being here talking with people that are building Web3 ecosystem everywhere and I'm just really happy to be able to talk to you guys.
Anything else that you'd like to mention?
We still have a couple of minutes.
I think we are good.
Just would like to thank you Maxi for you like for the invitation.
It was a pleasure to talk to you guys.
I would love to connect maybe after and to think maybe we can do something together like before I will launch my global project.
Yeah Armandi, many thanks for jumping in.
It's always a pleasure.
Armandi is our.
Is now our family member.
So you know sometimes he has some memory problems so he doesn't recognize me.
But I think on Friday he shoot when he will need his transfer from the airport.
I will remember that.
What did he say today?
Yeah Benji, Abram, Poya, Simao, Khaleed.
Guys was.
I think he already left him on Guys, always a pleasure to to meet you.
Like I seen new faces also who may I wasn't connected before freaky George, Tommy, MrB OK.
Joanne Mart Ben got hero fun.
Mike Cryptoman guys was great.
Thank you so much for being with us.
I enjoyed the conversation.
I would love to organize something, something more in the future.
Yeah, and I hope one day I will come to Mexico.
So maybe we will do something there.
I would love to.
I promised Benji that we need to meet.
So now I have this obligation in my life.
Excellent, excellent.
Let's do something in Monterrey.
We can bring Benjamin over here too.
There's a lot of mountains, there's a lot of hiking, there's beautiful, beautiful places.
There's climbing, there's canyoneering.
It's just a marvelous place to be.
If you like the nature, if you like to move, if you like sports, for sure we can do something whenever we get together here in Monterrey.
Armandi knows he's been here, so let's repeat that and I'll send you a DM to schedule an interview if you'd like.
I'd love to talk to you about what you guys are doing, Armandi, and about your story too, like today with Anita.
Thank you very much.
Thank you very much.
My mom is from Monterrey.
All my mom's family are from Monterrey.
So.
So of course, of course, my friend.
Excellent, excellent.
I did not know that.
So we have a connection there and yeah, let's do something next year.
Let's connect Anita offline.
I'll send you a DM to schedule a meeting and yeah, let's for sure connect and see how we can collaborate.
There's a lot of things that we're building here.
I'm sure that you could be a lot of help and for sure I could connect you with any other project that you are working if you want to come here in Latin America.
I'm well known here.
I have a community that's really active and they love to participate in everything that we do.
So it's just great to connect with people from all over the world that have very different experiences.
And just talking with you and getting to know you and recording these spaces is just something that really I really like and it stays here forever.
Anyone can hear it in the future.
So if you're listening to this recording, please follow Anita, follow Armandi, follow Web Banda Web threads Wanda Web3 and my personal profile Maximilist this was Banda Web3, number 815 with Anita Titoa.
A few announcements.
We're gonna have a space tomorrow.
Diana is hosting a space with Trust Wallet.
Caro and I are gonna be co host.
We're gonna be talking about security and safety with wallets.
I think a lot of people are entering right now that have never worked with this space and have never invested in it.
Learning to use the technology, learning to use the tools is what I recommend everyone to, to.
To.
To invest first, invest your time in learning about these tools, learning about the technology, learning about security before investing any of your money.
So that space is focused on that.
And on Thursday, we're going to talk to Eddie Espino.
He's a big hive, a content creator.
He is Mexican and really active on that network.
He's going to explain to us all about that hive and what they are doing.
So thank you very much, Anita Armandi, everyone else that's connected, I think that the most precious thing we have is our time and our attention and that you decide to share it with us for a little while.
It's something that I really appreciate and I hope everyone that was listening to this space learned a little bit about Anita, about her story and about our mistakes and how to continue building, continue working with this ecosystem that we love.
I'm going to end with Universal mind again from Liquid Tension experiment.
See you all guys tomorrow.
Thank you very much.
It.